I just had one of, like, a really good idea, how to explain, um, allowing and, um, beliefs
and so I was thinking, let us like, oh my god, because, um, most people think of the
extra pain, the mental pain, as imaginals, like, fictional, you know, fantastical. So, to talk
about, uh, to two, I want to create, like, a creature, um, yeah, obviously, I want to ask
AI to have, it's called, it's called a believer. So, this creature does, it's not good as
that bad. It's like, and it's, it's like having a, a living toaster. It's, it just, it's
just, doesn't it does. It works around and then we can stop it and toast bread. And it's
just, it keeps itself alive. And it's basically like that. It, it's not going to be that bad.
It's just a tool. The thing that this tool is great at is, um, holding on to frequencies.
And it, how does it, how does it do that? It leverages your own experiences in those
frequencies, um, to, to create sort of like a braid, which is, which is easier to hold
on to than singular, um, vibrational, um, strings. So it, it's sort of like, so it, yes,
it, it, the more experiences you have, it, it uses them, not even has nothing to do
to have any experiences you have, it's, it, it uses your experiences to reinforce itself,
to enforce, um, certain frequencies that you want. It uses, the certain memories, those
that are beneficial to it, to, um, reinforce, um, holding on to a certain, um, vibration.
Now, where would you use this? It would use a believer, especially if you're going to
be in a dense dimension, like that dimension. And you need to constantly hold on, especially
to the vibration of density. You don't want to let go of that suddenly. You want to constantly
keep it going. So you can, that's one of those best places to, it's like you're going
to be, um, doing a lot of waves, um, with the frequencies. It's basically like that.
You're going to be playing with a lot of frequencies. You don't want to let go. It's like,
um, when you're knitting, but with your fingers, you know, like you're holding some parts
of the strings, and then you're putting this on the head of the sun, then you're getting
this thread. And then you're pulling this thread. It's like a braiding, um, not braiding like
weaving with threads, but you're weaving with your fingers. And you have to hold these threads
with this finger. So a believer is a great, um, tool, um, to give certain frequencies to
say, hey, hold on to these for me and reinforce them so that I, it's easy. I keep holding on to them.
One of the things is, make sure I hold on to this body. Yeah, I better hold on to this body.
So you give it to your believer. Okay. Um, so now, whether it's positive or negative,
the believer doesn't give a fuck. I don't put it on the believer. The believer does what it does.
It does, it's like a toaster. Toaster is not going to say, this is right. I'm not toasting right.
I don't do that. What is the sour tone? No, no, no, I want chemical process bread.
No, that's not going to say that. Neither is a believer. So that's why it's difficult to let go
of beliefs. It's because you're, you're doing, it's not because of the negative beliefs.
It's because you believe that it's just doing a job. In holding on, you say, yeah,
you said, I must hold on to this. I didn't know this was bad.
You said it was on the, I, I held on. So now, we have to do that whole word, that whole work of,
of, uh, I'm leaving of letting go, letting go, let that go, let that go, let that go.
So, so now, where does the art of allowing it, the art of allowing. So now,
all of the beliefs come together and they, they dictate, they dictate what can be experienced
because these are the things that you believe. So these are the things that the frequencies
that you are holding. These, so these are the frequencies that you can cook with. You know,
you can't be cooking with frequencies you ain't gots. And you believe a
ain't gots, what it ain't gots. So what you can do is limited to what your believer is holding
on to when all of those things are put together. This is what it's holding on to. So the, sometimes,
you need to get a belief, you need to get more frequencies. Sometimes you're going to let go
frequencies. It's always like, it's always that movement. Let it go, putting on, putting on,
letting go, go, go, go, go, let go, let go, putting on, putting on, putting on. Until you,
your believer is holding the, the, the perfect frequencies that you are trying to get to,
like a rubric's cube type of weaving. Ooh, it's so, I know this is getting out of hand,
but I know that you are, you get me. Do you read that? So yeah, that's what your believer does. So
you're, what you can experience is, is the, is the hundred percent. And then what you,
because for some goddamn reason, you don't seem to, you know, think you should have all these
wonderful things. You only let yourself experience a 10 percent or that 30 percent or, you know,
you are the one also who gets to experience which portions of your 100 percent you are experiencing.
That, that is allowing. That is allowing. That, that chunk that you've said I'm going to experience
this chunk, that's allowing. You can just experience your hundred percent, a hundred percent of the
time. It, you know, so that's the whole thing. That's the whole thing about it.
